Now that you have
trained your NER system,
you need to find a
way to evaluate it.
In this video, I'll show
you how to do that.
To evaluate your model,
you'll want to start by passing
the test sets through it
to get your predictions.
Then compute the arg
max or the point where
your function
reaches its maximum
across the prediction array.
You'll also need to make sure
your arrays are padded
using the pad token,
which makes your arrays
the same length.
At last, compare
the outputs against
your test labels to see how
accurate your model is.
This is how those
operations might look.
In Python, note that
the arg max function
takes an axis parameter.
To indicate this accurately,
you'll need to consider the
dimensions of your array.
The mask variable is
where you'll identify
any token IDs you need to
skip over during evaluation.
One token you might want
to skip is your pad token.
Think about how you might
write this quickly and simply.
Finally, the accuracy metric
is computed by taking the sum
of all your test
labels and dividing
it by the sum of all
your mask tokens.
Nice, we've now reached the
conclusion of this week.
Congratulations and remember
when you pad your tokens,
you should mask them
before computing accuracy.
Now you're able to
process your data,
generate it in batches,
and test it for accuracy.
You should have everything you
need for the coding assignment.
Best of luck with
the assignments,
and remember to have fun.
To recap, you have to
predict on the test set,
guess the arg max,
mask the padded tokens,
and then compare with
the true labels.
Now you are ready to implement
this in the assignment.